README.md, before:

# 📱 QR Code Generator

> Premium, customizable QR code generator built with JavaScript and QRious.

---

## 💡 What it does
Generate QR codes instantly with full customization options:
- Change **size** and **colors** (foreground & background)  
- Add a **center logo or image**  
- Download QR as **PNG**  
- Share directly on **WhatsApp** or **Discord**  
- Modern, responsive, and sleek interface

---

## 🛠 How I built it
- **HTML, CSS & JavaScript** for the frontend  
- **QRious** library for QR code generation  
- **Bootstrap 5** for responsive layout  
- Modern **SaaS-style UI** with glassmorphism and smooth interactions  
- Clipboard API & Web Share API for sharing features

---

## 🚀 Why I made it
To provide a **fast, easy, and visually appealing** way to create QR codes for:
- Websites & landing pages  
- Social media profiles  
- Business cards  
- Event invitations  
- Any link you want to share quickly  

I wanted a tool that’s **both functional and looks premium**, perfect for personal or professional use.

---

## 📦 Usage
1. Clone or download this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Huzaifashah08/qr-code-generator.git

Commit message:

Enhance README with personal message and badge offer
Added a personal touch and offered to enhance the README with badges.

README.md, after:

# 📱 QR Code Generator

> Premium, customizable QR code generator built with JavaScript and QRious.

---

## 💡 What it does
Generate QR codes instantly with full customization options:
- Change **size** and **colors** (foreground & background)  
- Add a **center logo or image**  
- Download QR as **PNG**  
- Share directly on **WhatsApp** or **Discord**  
- Modern, responsive, and sleek interface

---

## 🛠 How I built it
- **HTML, CSS & JavaScript** for the frontend  
- **QRious** library for QR code generation  
- **Bootstrap 5** for responsive layout  
- Modern **SaaS-style UI** with glassmorphism and smooth interactions  
- Clipboard API & Web Share API for sharing features

---

## 🚀 Why I made it
To provide a **fast, easy, and visually appealing** way to create QR codes for:
- Websites & landing pages  
- Social media profiles  
- Business cards  
- Event invitations  
- Any link you want to share quickly  

I wanted a tool that’s **both functional and looks premium**, perfect for personal or professional use.

---

Made with ❤️ by M. Huzaifa

---

If you want, I can also **add a super eye-catching “live demo” badge, GIF screenshot, and tech stack badges** to make your GitHub README **look premium SaaS style** like professional repositories.  

Do you want me to do that?


## 📦 Usage
1. Clone or download this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Huzaifashah08/qr-code-generator.git
